feat(dedibox-hardware) offers not compatible for a replacement disk - ext-dedibox-hardware-offer-not-compatible (#5605)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/dedibox-hardware/troubleshooting/diagnose-defective-disk.mdx

Use the following command to retrieve the position of all disks, and copy/paste the result into your support ticket:

<Message type="important">

>   You do not need to perform this step if it is an **NVME**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You do not need to perform this step if the machine is equipped with an **NVMe** disk.
```

</Message>

Command result to be returned to support for software RAIDs only.

```
lsblk --paths --sort HCTL --output hctl,name,size,model,rev,serial,tran,phy-sec --bytes | grep -v loop0
```

For raid controller P410, P420, P222

```
ssacli ctrl all show config
```

## Offers not compatible for disk replacement

<Message type="important">

>   Some Dedibox offers are hosted on blade servers where a single blade can host multiple clients.
>   In these environments, disks cannot be physically replaced or disconnected without impacting other customers, which makes disk replacement unavailable.
> 
>   If your server is on the list and your storage is indeed FAILED, open a [support ticket](/account/how-to/open-a-support-ticket/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Some Dedibox machines are hosted on blade servers, where a single blade may host multiple customers.
  In these environments, replacing or disconnecting disks would affect other customers, making disk replacement unavailable.
  If your server appears on the list and its storage status is indeed `FAILED`, open a [support ticket](/account/how-to/open-a-support-ticket/).
```
